---
title: Sequoia Named to Washingtonian's 50 Great Places to Work List
date: 2017-02-23

Sequoia is very proud to announce that we were named one of the Top 50 Great Places to Work in the Washington DC area by Washingtonian Magazine.  Washingtonian's panel of editors reviewed nearly 200 companies with more than 8,000 employee surveys. This year's participants vary both by size and industry with companies ranging from information technology firms, government contractors, financial firms, nonprofit organizations and others around the D.C. area. 
 
“Singularly, the most important component of business success is the people driving the mission.” said T. Richard Stroupe, Jr., CEO, Sequoia Holdings, Inc. “Forming a collaborative and enjoyable work-life environment, that recognizes each employee’s specialty offerings, and maximizes their ability to perform at the highest level and grow their skills, experience, and expertise, is the foundation for Sequoia.  As an employee-owned organization, we believe growth of the person creates the growth of the company.  Success comes from concurrently, and intentionally, meeting all of these needs simultaneously.”

This is the fifth year in a row (2012-2017) Sequoia has been added to a Best Place To Work ranking by Washington DC area publications. Winners of this award are selected based on the ratings of anonymous employee surveys, which measure compensation, benefits, work & life balance, corporate culture, financial stability and commitment to new growth opportunities. 


For more information or to review our latest job opportunities please visit us as <http://www.sequoiainc.com> and follow us on Twitter @sequoiainc, LinkedIn and Facebook.

\#\#\#\#\#

About Sequoia
Sequoia is an award-winning, employee-owned provider of high-end software development and engineering services centered on improving the analytic, collection, collaboration and sharing of data.  Headquartered in Reston Virginia, Sequoia provides engineering and analytic solutions to the national security sector, including the US intelligence, defense and homeland security communities. 
As a trusted, long-term partner, Sequoia works side by side with our clients, offering expert, objective software and systems development lifecycle advice and solutions to help solve their most important and complex problems. Our unique approach to developing innovative technology consulting solutions combines deep domain expertise with strong capabilities in strategy, analytics, technology and operations. Developing innovative solutions and investing in passionate technologists is our core mission, and we’re just getting started!
